cookies with fire i think that was
Barney Rubble but he has perfected it
he's a BBQ genius and author of this new
cookbook called chardon scruffed it is
just in time for father's day please say
hello to Adam Perry Lang okay first of
all charred is obviously what is
scruffed tell us scruff pit well we're
gonna do it together but it's when you
increase the surface area of whatever
you're cooking so it's gonna kind of
feather or fluff and when you do that it
makes flavors pop 3d and and that's what
we like when you don't have to wear
glasses or Ernie no no no now what are
we gonna make here tonight well here
we're gonna do a rib roast cook like a
sick okay great why do you say cook like
a steak because we're gonna smash it and
it's gonna scruff I'm gonna spread it
out increase the service air increase
the flavor browning okay and it's gonna
tenderize it as well we're literally
going to beat this we're gonna beat em
yeah I really don't want you to hold
back either all right but what you do me
I don't hold back I just cut the bones
like this everything built on the steak
is for short you can eat every bit and
it's at its best where do you get how do
you pick a piece of beef a great
question okay how do you pick it how you
are you pick it really is is if you know
you're gonna pick a prime greater a
choice grade you want whatever
marbleization that there is 2 b's evenly
a spice no clumps okay okay no big
clumps almighty fast no i mean
occasionally it happens but you know to
pick a better piece that's what you'd
problem okay great all right good all
right so you got this okay so we got to
be Theory ready and what are we gonna do
to it now you are gonna take this bat
I'm really serious this is real I mean
this is really like a great tool for
this okay is it real but like start like
I'm gonna I'm gonna work on this Don I'm
going on a team to start and then we're
up to well you know first you know give
it a couple of taps first you know okay
and then you know then then really
it seems like we're joking here well not
serious really what you want to do and
should you wash the back before you you
know never washed a bath before all
right and can you do this in aluminum
don't really get into it I mean two
hands two hands two hands two hands yet
okay yeah destroy this I mean I think so
okay but you see it all the surface area
exposed it hasn't been cooked it's time
to lose any Jews my gosh that's great
looking right there okay all right so do
i beat this side to a little bit all
right I'll beat this a little bit and
then we're gonna have a lot more
crispness on the whole on the outside of
the beef right exactly the you know this
can be these little you know these bits
that you'd fight over with you know like
I used to fight with my sister over
these little bits on the road and you'd
hit her with the bat yeah okay all right
good so now we're gonna season this
thing yeah really basic and I want you
to season with me and okay I use this
term season like rain and this is what
this is what I called the Four Seasons
blend okay okay its salt garlic salt
black pepper and a bit of cayenne all
right season pretty generously you do it
up foul yeah that's it okay flip it over
nice and then I just take a touch of
water my hand just to moisten it why
water just well you know it just
dissolves and creates what's called the
meat paste you know okay I just worked
in it with you all right we'll work a
little mortar in their little over and
you throw right there